New post about my experience in latam sciki-tlearn sprint by data umbrulla (#8)
data-umbrella/data-umbrella.github.io: _posts/2021-12-07-nestor-du-sklear-sprint-latam-experience.md

---
layout: post

> title:  Data Umbrella AFME2 2021 Sprint - My Experience Contributing to Open Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:  Data Umbrella LATAM 2021 Sprint - My Experience Contributing to Open Source
```

description: Nestor Navarro shares his experience in Data Umbrella 2021 Latin America scikit-learn sprint.
date:   2021-12-07 15:01:35 +0300
image:  '/images/sprint/scikit-learn-small.png'
tags:   [opensource, sprint-blog]
---

Author:  [Nestor Navarro](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nestornav/)

> I do not remember when I started to be part, but since a friend of mine shared me the open source philosophy and movement I started to be part and colaborate in different ways. Nowadays I am not an active colaborator for any initiative but I always try to help when is possible. But this post is not about how I started whit the open source at least not at all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I participated in my first (LATAM) [scikit-learn open source sprint](https://latam2021.dataumbrella.org) in June 2021, organized by Data Umbrella.  I learned of the event through word-of-mouth, via a friend of mine. I had already a general interest in the open source philosophy and movement.  Currently, I am not an active collaborator for any initiative but I always try to help when is possible. This article is focused not on my open source journey; it is focused on my experience in the Data Umbrella's scikit-learn sprint, the first one that was focused on the Latin America region.
```
